Hello everyone and today we have a video on
they asked me so many times
make a bear from beads
I decided to fulfill this request from me
such a mouse made of beads
if you're curious to know how to weave
mouse look further this video for
bead mice we need you
two color beads
I take white and lilac for some reason
I wanted to make just such flowers
mouse you can choose any colors
which you will like scissors
the container on which we will pour
beads then we need fishing line I'll
cut 1 meter and the scheme of the mouse itself
so I have it as usual I laid out
for you and and vkontakte let's begin i
cut that one meter and start
weave from the tail of the mouse moving to
spout
recruit one little white bead
emitted in the middle of the line
after that one lilac and pass
cross line
it turns out like this we weave
in the same way as usual I show everything
beaded toys
I think that those who watch my long
video for you is not a problem
one more bead and again crosswise
so we you cook them all
tail do as long as you want
In principle, that is, the tail can be
absolutely any short long same
how he likes
I have such a tail here
mice and now we look at our pattern
then we collect 3 beads and make
again the line crosswise
on expansion we work up to this
row here we get 7 beads
we need to do two rows and then
we will work on narrowing
that
at
I got such a body at the mouse
I finished this series I made 5
beads and now we need to do
ears now I'll show you how it is
done for this I leave one line
1 I take and type 5 Syria in the pass market
then one white
five lilac
that's what I get
after that we return to the body
here as you see i have 5 beads
we are the last two who are closer to this
fishing line and skip to the other three us
Need to thread our this tip
in such a way and tighten as
you can see and we formed the first
eyelet
and in the same way we need to do
second ear and then everything is very simple we
weave according to the scheme we weave 5 beads
the next row and then 4433 2 and one here
will need to make eyes here we have
scheme which can be seen in the front row and the spout
me it is white bead and all ours
the mouse will be ready here I got
such a mouse and we stay only after
one bead make two nodules and
trim our fishing line
all cut the line
Here is such a mouse, it is very
little baby so
Thank you all for the views and very much
I hope that my videos will be for you
interesting is useful to subscribe to
my channel join VKontakte groups
see you very soon in
next video bye